Hello everyone,
I finally manged to get a working environment. I tried to erase everything, uninstall and reinstall nix to get a working environment with a working REPL with my phone as the Android target but didn't manage to have it working back. So I installed Android Studio and an emulator and then finally I could have a working REPL back.
Then I started exploring the code and to look at what happens in the re-frame sense and with the help of re-frisk when a user creates an account.
I managed to have coordination in events with the help of the promesa library (https://github.com/funcool/promesa) and I could build quickly a piece of code the first navigates to the "I'm new to status" screen and then to the "Generate key" screen:
```
(require '[promesa.core :as p])

(p/chain
  (do (when-let [blur-show-fn @overlay/blur-show-fn-atom]
        (blur-show-fn))
      (rf/dispatch-sync [:open-modal :new-to-status])
      (p/delay 1000))
  (fn [_]
    (rf/dispatch-sync [:onboarding-2/navigate-to-create-profile]))
  ;; ...
  ;; Chain more steps
  )
```
1 - First question: when the issue states "We would like to create a clojure script/set of functions that do that", is it the kind of approach that would fullfil the need?
Then I followed the events that lead to the creation of a key and arrived into the `create-account-and-login` in the `native-module.core`. As I understand it, there is no other way as of today to have "strong" side effects that would lead to a real user creation?!
In a dev environment, I imagine that we would not want to a have a real user created on every call to the script?!
If it is the case, I think that we would want to be able to switch between various implementations of the `create-account-and-login` function that would share a common interface. Some do "real world" side effects and others do "dev" side effect?!
2 - Second question: is it a goal of this issue to have a kind of dependency injection system to manage side effectful functions of the project?
3 - When I save some files, I often have the app that fully reloads instead of having hot code reload. Is it normal behaviour?
4 - Sometimes when the app relaods, there is a React Native indicating error:

